Data availability 
All the data supporting the findings of this study are available through the public repository GitHub. 
We organized them into five data files: 1/ Data 1_Eligibility_784 studies; 2/ Data 2_Inclusion_133 studies; 3/ Data 3_Extraction_69 curves; 4/ Data 4_Curve refitting results; 5/ Data 5_Risk of Assessment results. 
Data 1 included the full list of 784 eligible studies and key information after screening. The collum “source” documented in which round of search the data came from, and our study included six rounds of search. Source 0-1 searched Web of Science and Scopus from 1985 to 2021. Source 2-3 searched the Web of Science and Scopus from 2021 to 2022. Source 5 included the additional studies outside the literature review (from citations or others). Source 6 searched the Web of Science and Scopus from 2022 to 2025, and the PubMed from 1985 to 2025. 
Data 2 contained the full list of 133 studies for inclusion and their key information, which are study ID, title, first author, study year, continent, relationship (causal/ correlational), mental health type, mental health description, dose type, dose measured range, optimal dose, satisfactory dose, checked (Y/N). 
Data 3 was the full list of 69 curves with extracted key information for the final curve-refitting. The information included Curve ID, citation, title, published year, continent. study design	type, relationship, DV, DV description, IV presentation methods, dose audit methods, dose description, dose range, optimal dose, satisfactory dose, and quality check results. 
Data 4 included the summarized results of the standardized curves and the curve-refitting outcomes. Four worksheets were included in this data files: Eye-level dose curve data points and curve refitting results; Eye-level curve refitting results with the curves passed the quality check; Top-down dose curve data points and curve refitting results; Top-down curve refitting results with the curves passed the quality check. 
Data 5 contained the results for the Risk of Bias assessment and quality check. The files had three worksheets: grading criteria, the quality check results with total points, percent possible points, final quality results, and the summary chart. 
